yo welcome to your first look at the
Samsung Galaxy
s24 series and I think they're way more
interesting than they look on the
outside so we got three new phones today
Galaxy s24 s24 plus and s24 Ultra and as
expected yes they look very similar to
the s23 lineup especially design- wise
but it's when you get under the hood and
especially with software and the whole
Samsung AI thing that it gets way more
interesting so first let me start with
everything that's physically new cuz the
list actually isn't long so on the
outside s24 and s24 plus are going to
look just like last year same dimensions
same body sizes the camera Rings the
button placement there's just new colors
black gray violet and yellow all matte
instead of glossy which I was not
expecting but I like it and then it's
squared off basically exactly like an
iPhone now I know you know sometimes
people say oh there's this feature that
kind of resembles the iPhone or it looks
a little like the iPhone no these flat
sides and the flat screen look exactly
like the iPhone all the way around just
being honest here but now inside that
body the bezels are again slightly
thinner all the way around making way
for slightly larger displays on the s24
and s24 plus so now it's 6.2 in and 6.7
in and then these panels themselves are
actually sneaky major upgrades
especially the bigger one so they're
both now a ridiculously bright 2600 nits
and the plus that got bumped up from
1080p to Quad HD and and it looks like
you do have the option to use it at 120
HZ while it is Quad HD just like the
ultra which I mean that's pretty sick
it's 1080 by default but that's
definitely an upgrade they didn't have
to do and I appreciate that and then the
phones also have slightly larger
batteries both of them up to 4,000
milahs on the s24 and 4,900 Milah hours
on the s24 plus and then the big dog the
s24 ultra is actually even more tweaked
so again it looks similar obviously but
it's trimmed up just a tiny bit it's
just a little bit thinner and then these
side rails are now titanium instead of
aluminum I ever heard that before and
the display up at the front is now
completely 100% flat from corner to
corner and I'm really liking it so you
might remember we went from having
really dramatically curved edges on the
old Ultra phones and notes from back in
the day to a gentle curve to almost no
curve but now it's no curve at all which
means it's totally flat and there's
actually much less bezels all the way
around and the screen goes to the very
edges and then also the ultra is matte
in all of its new colors black like
usual but a new titanium color and a
violet and yellow then on the inside
they're all running the new Snapdragon 8
gen 3 chip across the board and then the
cameras the cameras appear to be more or
less the same as last year with the s24
and s24 plus but the s24 ultra they've
shook it up just a little bit so the
Ultra phone we've gotten used to having
this space Zoom so it was the 200
megapixel main camera but then it had
two telephotos a 3X and a 10x but with
this new s20 24 Ultra you still get the
200 megap Main camera but then a 3X
telephoto and then a new 5x telephoto
which is kind of curious but I actually
think it makes sense here basically the
10x is a huge jump of zoom and I think
Samsung is realizing not a lot of people
are actually zooming in to 10x is just
my theory anyway so instead of having a
10x telephoto lens which was only 10
megapixels this new redesigned 5x is 50
megapixels so the 5X you know that's a
much more common Zoom range and then the
higher megapixel count should mean that
when you hit the 10x button that's in
the camera it crops into the middle 50%
of the frame and you should still have
nearly the same quality of a shot as the
old low reses 10x now this is all a
theory a lens Theory but I'm going to
have to test all this stuff out and of
course see how well it works for the
full review so definitely make sure you
get subscribed to see that when it comes
out shout out to Matt Pat now other than
that it feels like it's pretty much the
same set of cameras across the board and
the ultra that also still has a 5,000
milliamp battery with the SP pen slotted
in the side as usual so if you want all
the new specs across the board here's a
nice little chart we've made for you so
you can pause and see the numbers and
the prices and everything I do wish the
s24 started at 256 gigs in 2024 but
anyway we got to talk about this new
chip for a minute so all these phones
are running the new Snapdragon 8 gen 3
chip across the board great Flagship
chip beginning of its life cycle so you
know there's a couple phones trickling
out with this one now and there will be
way more and of course I have to test
things like the performance and the
battery life and how heating works out
but it's also very clear that Qualcomm
has built in a bunch of AI processing
features into this chip and so now it's
up to the manufacturers who use the chip
to decide what to do with it and so
there's phones coming out left and right
with all kinds of AI features and I
think a lot of them are actually the
most useful parts of some of these
phones and let me know if you agree so
the big one that I think most people
will find the most useful on this phone
is the instant visual search so no
matter where you are on the phone
whatever you're doing if you just hold
down the home button or if you have
gestures just hold down the gesture bar
you can then either tap or Circle
something on your screen to instantly
Google search it and it's just a the few
times I played with it it's really fast
and this whole visual search feature
thing it's not like it's totally new
like we've had reverse image search and
Google lens for years but I I'm loving
the convenience of just you know being
on a website seeing an image or
something you just want to know more
about and then just long pressing
Googling it real quick and getting the
info or even something in your gallery
you know maybe there's a landmark or
something in a photo and you just Google
the image I mean I think it's awesome I
think people are going to be probably
using it a lot it's also just something
you have to spend a little time getting
used to because everyone knows you can
type things into Google but to just
visual search Google stuff super useful
then basically there's a bunch of other
little places in the phone where you see
the little stars the little B Stars
if you see those then you know there's
some AI lurking ready to help you out
just press it so the voice recorder app
gets AI so now it does much improved
speaker labels and transcriptions and it
can actually summarize your voice
recording after you record into a bunch
of bullet points the notes app gets AI
now it can do things like straighten out
your handwriting or turn your notes into
bullet points or summarize your notes
it's just you got to find those little
stars and press them and the Galaxy s24
Ultra feels like it be comes more than
just the ultimate notetaking device but
now it's even more useful on top of the
already borderline magical handwriting
recognition and all that stuff so I love
that the phone app gets AI so this stuff
might start to sound familiar but let's
say you're going to have a phone call
with someone who speaks a different
language it will do live transcription
and translation audibly in real time as
you're having the conversation so let's
say I only speak English and you're
going to call someone who only speaks
Korean so you have to go into the phone
app and and download the language pack
before the call so it does all this
transcription offline with a model
stored on the device and it seems like
the models are you know somewhere from
100 to 500 Megs each and when you get on
the phone you just speak your language
and the phone will visually and audibly
translate what you're saying for the
person on the other end they hear their
own language then they speak their
language and the same thing you hear
them but then you immediately hear a
translated version in your own language
and it's pretty fast I mean I've never
used live trans ation this smooth before
now I also don't speak Korean so I'm not
about to vouch for how accurate it is
but you know I'm going to try this with
Spanish and try to verify a little more
when I review the phone but there's even
the option to not even hear the other
person speak but just hear the
translated voice which is bold but it
also speaks to how accurate they think
it is and then of course the photo app
gets AI this one's not a shocker but
it's also kind of shocking how close it
is to some other things that we've seen
before so once you have a photo you hit
the the info button with the Stars and
you can do a couple simple things like
add background blur or erase an object
in the background or remaster a photo
which seems like it's just doing some
color and lighting and balance tweaks
automatically that's cool it works I
think a lot of people will just find
that stuff useful right off the bat but
once you go into the editor you'll see
in the bottom left hand corner a
familiar group of stars that are back
it's literally a full-on magic editor
just like the pixel so you jump in there
you can Circle things highlight things
to move around and of course it's even
more precise with the S Pen but then it
literally does the same thing it takes a
few seconds to generative fill the
background it plays a nice little
animation and then when it's done it
spits out a few options of a new photo
that is just completely fake and also I
don't know there seems to be less
restrictions with this one than Google's
at least because I remember the pixel
was very picky about letting me move
people around but I encountered nothing
that this one was not willing to mess
with so the good thing is in the final
result there is a baked in Watermark at
the bottom left hand corner so you'll
know in your gallery if you're looking
at an image that has those stars as a
watermark that it didn't actually look
like that when you captured it you can
also apparently turn a regular video
into a slow motion video as the AI
generates new frames in between actually
captured frames and that can slow down
the video for you I don't know how well
that's going to work again if it's as
good as some of the generative AI stuff
I've seen could be shockingly good but
that's just another AI feature either
way clearly there's a lot going on now
it's kind of funny Bixby is like sort of
the main character of AI on Samsung
phones in the past and I don't really
see any indication that Bixby itself is
actually taking big leaps forward it's
still on the phones it still works but
we'll have to see I'm going to test that
I got to test how good these screens are
how well these new cameras work and all
that stuff and maybe there's some other
stuff buried in that I haven't found yet
that isn't just blatantly copying app
app's homework and also if you want your
phone to look at least a little
different I checked with Channel sponsor
dbrand and they confirmed that they are
ready to go with the grip case shipping
around the same time that Samsung will
be shipping out these phones one thing
I've always liked about the grip case is
they actually individually do the
precise cutouts of the camera lenses
instead of just one big lazy window
cutout oh and bonus they added mag safe
compatibility this year for the s24
series so if you want a clean protective
matte black magnetic case well that
Link's in the description either way let
me know what you think of these new
phones and let me know what you want to
see in the full review some interesting
stuff here I'll say that thanks for
watching catch you in the next one
[Music]
peace